ix. Ezekiel Forsythe, Sr., born June 02, 1794 in Tyrone Township, Fayette County, 
Pennsylvania; died June 14, 1845 in Tyrone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania; 
married Mary Ann Bird Abt. 1817-1818 in Fayette County, Pennsylvania; born December 
24, 1799 in Pennsylvania; died June 14, 1879 in Perry Township, Fayette County, 
Pennsylvania.

 	Ezekiel is an heir in Thomas' will - "of the rest I do allow ... my son 
Ezekiel the other half of all My Lands Good and Chattels  Each to be Equel shares of 
all at their Mothers Death and said ... Ezekiel is to pay all the Above Mentioned 
Legacyes to the rest".  From the Forsythe Book "Ezekiel Forsythe, the youngest son of 
Thomas and Nancy Parker Forsythe, was born June 2, 1794 in Tyrone Township, Fayette 
County, Pennsylvania.  He was raised on the Thomas Fosythe homestead." The Tyrone 
Township tax lists show Ezekiel Forsythe in 1814 as "not of age" and 160 acres, in 
1815-1817 as single, 160 acres valued at 960, in 1818 160 acres (no longer listed as 
single), and in 1821-1837 as farmer, 80 acres (from the division of land his father 
left him by will), plus horses and cattle.  This would suggest, along with their 
first child being born May 5, 1819, Ezekiel was married in late 1817 or early 1818.  
Ezekiel Forsyth is found in the 1820 Tyrone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania 
census (page 144).  The woman age 45 and above is presumed to be his mother Nancy.  
He is also found in the 1830 Tyrone Township census (page 268) and the 1840 Perry 
Township census (page 245).  Ezekiel died on June 14, 1845, still living on his half 
of the original Forsythe homestead. The Forsythe Book states, "In the 1790 Fayette 
County Federal census, a Samuel Burd is listed as head of a family.  But he is not 
found on either the 1800 or 1810 census.  We are not sure if Mary Ann Bird Forsythe 
was or was not part of the Samuel Burd family."  While I did not find Samuel Burd in 
1790, I did find Samuel Burd in 1800 Tyrone Township (page 604) and Samuel Bird in 
1810 Tyrone Township (page 233).  Samuel is not found in Fayette County in 1820, but 
Samuel Bird with children that seem to fit the right age categories is found in 
Lackawannock Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania (page 64).  It is not known if 
this is Mary Ann's father, but the census enumerations certainly fit her birth date 
and location. In the 1850 Perry Township census (page 262A) Mary Forsythe appears to 
be living on the 80 acres of the original Forsythe homestead with the census showing 
real estate with the value of $1,600.  She is living next to brother-in-law David 
Forsythe and has three sons yet at home - Daniel, age 18, Ezkael, age 16, and John, 
age 10.  In the 1860 Perry Township Mary A Forsyeth is shown with real estate valued 
at $2,000 and son Ezekel, age 22 and laborer, and son John, age 21 and Cropper.  She 
is not found in the 1870 census and her will written August 22, 1872 was proved July 
12, 1879 (Fayette County, Pennsylvania Wills Book 5, page 220).  Mary Ann as included 
in the U.S. Federal Census Mortality Schedule, 1880.  She died June 14, 1879.  She 
and Ezekiel had 5 girls and 6 sons